Q:  I am trying to view CRITs in IE8 or IE9 and it looks absolutely horrible!
A:  Make sure you are not using compatability mode and you aren't in quirks
    mode (press "ALT" key if you don't see menus):
        Tools -> Compatability View Settings
            uncheck boxes for compatability view
        Tools -> F12 Developer Tools
        Click on "Browser Mode" and make sure it's set to your browser version
            (not an old one or compatability view)
        Click on "Document Mode" and make sure it's set to your browser version
            (not quirks mode or old version)

Q:  What is runscript and how do I use it?
A:  runscript is a management command we made to facilitate running CRITs scripts
    from within the CRITs environment without them having to actually live in
    the codebase. The general format of the command is:

    python manage.py runscript location script -- [script arguments]

    location:   This is the name of a module directory in your PYTHONPATH
                (or in syspath) which contains a 'scripts' directory holding
                your CRITs scripts. This will most likely be a services
                directory found in the 'crits_services' repository that you've
                configured CRITs to discover in your custom_settings.py file.

                Example: You have a service installed called "my_service" that
                         comes with a scripts directory. The start of your
                         runscript command will look like this:

                         python manage.py runscript my_service

    script:    The name of the script to run.

                Example: In your "my_service/scripts" directory is a script
                         named "my_script.py" which takes a -h (help) argument.
                         You would run your script like this:

                         python manage.py runscript my_service my_script -- -h

                         Notice the double dashes. This is to tell runscript
                         that you are done providing arguments to it and are
                         now providing arguments to your script.

    More information can be found using -h to runscript:

    python manage.py runscript -h
